Date: 11/07/2024

Attendees: Dakota, Andrew, Carson, Jagger, Montana, Chhavi

Items Discussed:
- Fork and clone the git repo onto all group members local devices
- What header files needed to be worked on based off the UML diagram

Decisions Made:
- Who would work on specific header files

Action Items:
- N/A
